Start explaining programming support (#335)
TalonCommunity/Wiki: docs/Voice Coding/voice-coding-overview.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Voice Coding Overview

> Talon community offers commands for inserting code in numerous languages. [Formatters](formatters.md) make dictating formatted variable names easier. [Operator commands](operators.md) support dictating things like variable assignment, mathematical operators, and comparison operators. [Snippets](snippets.md) allow efficiently dictating formulaic code patterns and are used for things like control flow statements, class definitions, return statements and more. [Additional commands](language-specific.md) exist on a per language basis to make common tasks easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Talon community offers commands for inserting code in numerous languages. [Formatters](formatters.md) make dictating identifiers easier. [Operator commands](operators.md) support dictating things like variable assignment, mathematical operators, and comparison operators. [Snippets](snippets.md) allow efficiently dictating formulaic code patterns and are used for things like control flow statements, class and function definitions, return statements and more. [Additional commands](language-specific.md) exist on a per language basis to make common tasks easier.
```
